What does Brahma use as behavioral constraints? Structural constraints? Search strategy?
Behavioral constraints: I/O Oracle can be Input output examples or an inefficient program
Structural constraints: Loop free programs composed of given base components
Search strategy: The search is divided into finding solutions for two kinds of constraints: I/O behavioural constraint whose solution yeilds a candidate program consistent with I/O oracle on given input-output examples, and the distinguishing constraint whose solution provides the input non-equivalent programs.

Is it possible to specify Brahma's structural constraints in the SyGuS format (as a grammar)? Is yes, show a small example. If no, explain why.
yes, NonTerminals could be set of all incomplete assignments to l, initial non terminal could be all unassigned, transformations are one step assignments maintaining the syntactic rules. 

Consider the following modification of Brahma's synthesis problem: you are given N components, but your program is only allowed to use any K of them (K <= N). How would you modify the SMT encoding in section 4.1 to enforce this restriction?
We could add another variable w(l) which represents if line indexed l is being used or not. Their sum should be k and we can update the rules as follows:

Please provide a short, neutral summary of the paper (1-2 paragraphs), as well as your score (would you accept this paper for publication in a conference if you were on the program committee?)
This paper proposes a novel oracle-guided approach to program synthesis. Instead of complete specification, an I/O oracle is used which is shown to be useful in specific domains. 
The paper also proposes an algorithm (an instantiation of the oracle guided approach) which iteratively synthesis programs which are correct on more and more input/output examples.
It also presents optimization on top of the base algorithm and evaluates the different approaches.

List the most significant contributions of this paper (2-5 items)
The paper contributed a novel oracle guided approach which obviates the need for complete specification. 
It also shows a novel constraint based technique that involves using SMT solvers for synthesis. 

List the most significant limitations of the approach presented in the paper (2-5 items)
The approach presented is only as good as the choice of the base components. Using it in domains where choosing base components 
or their number is not trivial will be hard.